Add secure-password as an Optional peerDependency (#4067)
blitz-js/blitz: .changeset/thick-peas-jog.md

---
"@blitzjs/auth": major
---

> Make secure-password an `optional peerDependency`. 
> 
> Now, to use the **Blitz wrapper** for password hashing, install `secure-password` in your projects as a depenendency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BREAKING CHANGE: secure-password is now an `optional peerDependency`, if you are using `SecurePassword` api, you need to now install `secure-password` in your application.

This helps users who do not use SecurePassword from having native package build issues.
```
